LWIAY
* If there is a chaotic timeline of subtitles, it may be caused by pewds deleting the movie in the background. The translator can't do anything, please forgive me *
Now I look forward to seeing these videos every week.
Because too many things happened
If you want to summarize this week, the best way is
Meme
How else did you get these news?
And pewdiepie's reddit
Let's get started, everyone.
Wait a minute, are you serious?
More than 51,000 "tops"? (Note: reddit function, similar to ptt's "push")
This is the most "top" ever.
God, ah...
My favorite part is that they dance the fornite dance in the suicide forest.
But those who replaced the bodies were those dying channels.
True genius
Really? This year is really beyond the standard.
Thank you, Dad.
You finally support my channel.
Kidding
75,000 million subscriptions!
My God, I can't...
Everybody, it’s 76 million, ok?
Will it be arithmetic?
you idiot
Marques
Marques!
And Mark "Ass" Brownlee
Damn! Now I can claim that I have appeared in the second 'Do not like' movie in Youtube.
You are not worth it, Marques...
We talked about how different this review will be.
From more than 300 talents to about one hundred remaining
But the movie clip is still great
It always looks like trying to please, including everyone
But this is obviously not done
Ok, these are what I know now.
Subscribe to pewdiepie
Subscribe to pewdiepie!
Oh, yes, I also share this on Twitter.
Because there are many people pointing this out, but...
Jaiden also hid more stalks
Subscribe to pewdiepie (Note: Submarine submarine → subs)
I think this is a smash letter. (Note: It should be the stalk of the Nintendo star.)
That obviously means Logan Paul's tie game.
Oh, this has
Is that "scorpion lasagna"? No?!
Uganda Knuckles
This is great
An Indian 9-year-old child spent a few months making this game for pewds.
But it has never been to LWIAY
Although it has been PO three times, there are more than 25,000 praises.
Also won the gold medal
Sorry, but what?!
I haven't seen this, are you kidding?
Hey! It’s Marzia.
Where is the lasagna placed?
I think I put it somewhere here.
What's that?
No! Marzia don't! Please!
Felix! Fe...
I mean, finally there is a game with a good plot.
God killed, where is my lasagna, Marzia?
Where is Marzia going?
Bean knowledge!
In Italy they call the lasagna "pasticcio"
I like this music
Hey! Felix
Who is this? Hey! Brad...
Hey! Felix... "My voice is not like that"
- Hey, Brad! - You won't believe it, Felix...
I saw a shadow man kidnapped Marzia for unknown reasons.
I was injured when I tried to save her.
Of course you will save... "I am a true hero here"
Hey, man, how do you feel?
Fast forward to the house...
No, I am fine, you go to the town for help to save Mazia.
Ok, take care, Brad
You are always so kind and hearty
Every time I feel that I should confirm that there is nothing on the left side.
The picture is beautiful
Look at this animation, there is everything I like about me...
Hey! I am collecting...
Hey, the game is broken...
Ok, use these guns to let them know who is the boss.
Oh, I thought they were boots.
Pew gun!
Awesome
I put it in the O column.
I am collecting the profit of Youtube!
Ah!! It is to cancel the profit!!
Kill it!
Kill it!!
This is really great
This is awkward
I don't know how to open this.
Is this going to solve the puzzle?
I won't solve it, please...
Can this be pushed? Hey, can...
That's right, take a look at this operation
What is Edgar doing?
Edgar, what are you doing??
What's that??!!
Ok, I got something, I probably use it...
Ok, this is awesome...
God killed, I really play games ~
Bye~Edgar
It is Youtube!!
Go to you, Youtube, I am sorry...
No! No! No!
It took my video for profit...
This is the most realistic game ever!
Does this have to become a game-playing movie?
I completely forget that I originally wanted to do LWIAY.
Oh, God.
Edgar, go get that...
...thing
Thanks
I mean, I don't want to...
This is just a demo version, but...
The best game of the year?
You do not want...
Celestial, Youtube
I am fed up with your dog, your mother killed it, Youtube
Don't let me off again.
Hyun Fu Gun (Note: It may also be the stem of the flex tape)
Show off the rich time!
Edgar is as useless as Tars in the Sonic Kid.
E!!!
God damn it, I don’t like it.
Don't do this to me, Markiplier
Oh, I am going to die, I may really die.
Don't E me again.
My God, I am really dead.
I am the developer of this game Gurpreet Singh Matharoo
I think I want to show up to thank you for playing this game.
This means a lot to me. I hope I can make this project even further.
Make a real game
But sadly, I need to concentrate on my work and higher priorities.
it's OK
Anyway, I hope you like this preview game.
If you can let me know your experience, I will be very happy.
Leave a message under the game page
Oh, and...
Don't worry about the chair here, I won't ask you 399
Take it, then fall under the pit
You will be sent back to where the game started so you can play with the chair
what?
awesome
How do I enable it?
chair!
YES!
This changed everything... Hey! I can still turn!
I can turn, slaying
Flash off, Brad!
399!
10/10
Now we have to go back to meme
No, I didn't watch the game because of the card, ok?
God, thank you very much, that’s great.
Pewdiepie's sideline
Don't pass it on to those photos that look like me!
I know that I look like a casual Swede on earth.
But that is racism
It’s funny if youtube review is cancelled.
They really took 12 hours to shoot a 2 second clip.
I mean, how much do you want them to spend...
They must have spent a lot of money on reviewing the film.
Wait, I want to show you this, you may have seen it.
Little Justin’s Baby MV has almost 300,000 'dislikes' per day.
Because people want 2018 reviews to become the most unpopular film
This is the perfect example, showing...
Turning "hate" into another is the fastest way to eliminate hatred
Everyone...
Sometimes we need to make a major sacrifice here.
We have to go to Xiao Jia’s Baby MV.
I am curious if I have pressed 'don't like'
Then we have to remove... I have pressed 'dislike'!!
It's time to remove our 'dislike'
Let's go ahead, just like the beginning
Youtuber pewdiepie calls her "love cry" after Lilly Singh’s opinion on wage inequality
How about changing to this title?
Youtuber pewdiepie naturally took Lilly Singh out of the whip because she was a "crying ghost"
How is the title changed to this?
In Melbourne, Australia
Out of our strength
♪Hit or miss, I guess they never miss, huh?♪
She recently reached a five million subscription and can we reach her six million?
Because she sneaked pewdiepie's chair into Youtube Review
We can grow this channel
Use 5...5...?
Just for meme, everyone
I mean, why not?
In fact, that is what happened to my channel.
We have a strength in Hungary
Subscribe to pewds = free muffin
Damn...
Damn!
1% of the world is subscribed to pewdiepie
I mean, obviously this is not true.
Because there are a lot of duplicate accounts
There are still many dead people
and also...
Can you not rewind?
A celebrity appeared in the review...
A twitch live master appeared in the review...
A Youtuber who has not uploaded a film for 7...9 months
Let us treat her as the facade of the review!
A film has been made for almost 10 years, becoming the most book...
"Daily", can I add it? "Daily"!
Youtuber, who became the most subscribed, has donated money to a 9-year-old child in India for five years but has not appeared in the review.
Really sad
When I am..., where are you? ♪
Now...呃...♪
What happened in your office?
I will add something
I am still thinking
Don't worry, ok?
Don't complain!
Underrated message
It is called "Youtube Rewind" because its quality is declining every year.
When the reporter wrote an article about pewds, it looks like:
"Reality can be done by me"
I mean...
This is 100% accurate meme, everyone
I have experienced some difficulties, so I want to draw something that can make Felix laugh (hopefully, laugh)
You are successful, you really make me laugh, that's awesome, thank you very much.
I won't say "words beginning with N" so I don't know...
Dear pewdiepie...
Your dark moments will be uncovered by unpopular allies
Logang is coming soon
Not the hero we want but the hero we need
I like it a bit...
You know, although people are different
People can still get together
To fight against T-series
Youtube really doesn't care about our army
Why didn't I appear in this year's review?
Dane...
You are too much now, Youtube
Did Dane appear in the Youtube review?
It’s really disgusting!
Dane is a hero
Now to clarify, I don’t know if Dane is a Nazi.
I have not confirmed the authenticity.
Haven't done background research yet
Just don't want to get into trouble
All grown up
Pewdipeie, 9 years old
Pewdipeie, 14 years old
Anan, my 14-year-old children
'Jaiden Animation' successfully sneaked pewds into the review to prove that Youtube has no quality review or review their videos.
I can't believe that Youtube is quite pewdiepie.
Pewdiepie is a Nazi, then... (Activate "Journalist's Logic.exe")
(Activate "Reporter's Logic.exe")
The youtube review puts the pewdiepie chair in (activates the reporter's logic.exe)
That means... (Activate "Journalist's Logic.exe")
Youtube is Nazi! (Activate "Journalist's Logic.exe")
Really disappointing
Who else thinks Jaiden deserves a chair...
Tekashi69 guest "meme review"
Jaiden guest star "meme review"
It seems that my reddit has found a new girl to be fascinated.
Sorry, skyLOL, I guess...
I think they forgot to swear, right?
"A film for youtube review" "Jaiden Animation"
"The stem of the pewdiepie" Everybody!
You can't stop
Can I report the Youtube review by copyright?
Yes! You can!
We must make it come true, everyone
Pewdiepie did not appear in Youtube Review 2018
'Jaiden animation' penetration 'pewdiepie chair' into the film
Pewdiepie... That's right! That's right!
Use the "including his surroundings" for copyright reporting on Youtube
Take all the profits!
Can I report Youtube by copyright?
Mr.Beast
Mark...
Ok...
Animal cruelty
Let's continue
My God, it’s so much better, Will Smith’s meme, please.
That will definitely be "meme review"
awesome!
Really a good meme!
The media when pewds donated money to charity
Pewds may be in dispute when the media
Although a little doubtful about the benefits of doing so, but...
I mean, it’s obvious that they don’t need to do the good things we do.
I think this is a good story.
Turn "hate" into something positive
Do some good things at the same time but now it looks...
They insist that I come to be a villain
So they can continue to use these fishing titles
In a way that is not good for me
This will never change
I think this is a good example.
Because these good things are completely ignored
Also, now I’m smearing my anti-Semitic
Because I recommend a video and channel that I like.
I mean, this is just... let's keep watching
Maybe it’s time for us to fight back against this empire.
When pewdiepie gets a new subscriber every time, it always creates a world record.
Actually, that is true
Thank you, adventure penguin
A goose? Is he called a goose? I don't remember.
Petition pewdiepie to host a special "year meme review"
As his last film of the year
I actually have to do this.
I think, come a little...hey...
This year's nostalgic meme
Will be great
Hey, Felix, we just want to ask Marzia how it is?
We hope that you have been doing well.
Nine-year-old children
She is very good, thank you for asking
She... she founded her own brand Mai, she is busy with those
Then...this took up all her time
Petition to remove the legs from the new reddit logo
This meme has become too much
This "I have no feet" stalk
It’s no longer interesting
I have feet
Just like what you saw... I obviously have feet
Pewdi wan
You let them come against me
You are self-sufficient
Pewdiepie recommended a hateful, anti-Jewish channel
Pelo: Sorry, that's Gloria Borger.
Also known as: Oopsie Doopsie
Have an interesting affiliate small meme
The person who wrote this article
Very ironic to push some text, like...
I don't have to add my own opinion... but this is my opinion on this.
Media: Other photos of hundreds of pewdiepies found on the internet in the article
Media: ....
That's right...
Every one... every slaying article must use my photo of this genius
I mean, I think it might be worse but...
Awesome! (Note: Subtitles are blocked and become "thot")
I have appeared in this year's review but only blurred in the background
What does it look like?
They promised that I would be a special character flying for 15 hours, after sacrificing 'missing the cube' (?)
I, Nick, and a bunch of creators took 8 to 10 hours.
Look, it’s usually this feeling.
They... they could have finished shooting quickly and easily
However, since youtube has become rich,
They said: Hey! Let's spend all day.
But the result came out, only 2 seconds
"metamorphic paradise"
Go to pewdiepie, or I will delete the site.
All players pay attention! To defeat T-series once and for all
Pewdiepie needs your help!
Pressing the subscribe button is like my day... same
The murder is great.
I can't thank you any more.
All of these support
Honestly, this is very important to me, really interesting.
Anyway, I hope you like this movie, if you like, press like
You know what else you have to do now I don't need to remind you again, right?
But, see you next time~
Translation, timeline: JT
* If there is a chaotic timeline of subtitles, it may be that pewds cut the video in the background, the translator can't do anything, please forgive me *